Add details on reviewers contribution and interaction (#3723)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/documentation_guidelines/first_contribution.rst

Add links to any documentation pages that you are changing.

Click on :guilabel:`Create pull request`.

4. Review and comment pull request
..................................

As seen above, anyone can submit modifications to the documentation through pull
requests. Likewise anyone can review pull requests with questions and `comments
<https://help.github.com/articles/commenting-on-a-pull-request/>`_. Perhaps the

> writng style doesn't match project guidelines, the change is missing some major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
writing style doesn't match the project guidelines, the change is missing some major
```

      changes.
   #. Scroll to the line you want to comment on and click on the |githubBluePlus|.
      That will open a text box allowing you to leave a comment.

Specific line comments can be published either:

* as single comments, using the :guilabel:`Add single comment` button. They are
  published as you go. Use this only if you have few comments to add or when
  replying to another comment.
* or as part of a review, pressing the :guilabel:`Start a review` button.
  Your comments are not automatically sent after validation, allowing you to
  edit or cancel them afterwards, to add a summary of the main points of the
  review or global instructions regarding the pull request and whether you
  approve it or not. This is the convenient way since it's more flexible and
  allows you to structure your review, edit the comments, publish when you are
  ready and send a single notification to the repository followers and not one
  notification for each comment. Get `more details
  <https://help.github.com/en/articles/reviewing-proposed-changes-in-a-pull-request>`.

.. figure:: img/githubAddLineComment.png
    :align: Center

>     Commenting a line with a suggestion of rewriting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Commenting a line with a change suggestion
```

> Line comments can embed suggestions of reformulation that the pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Line comments can embed suggestions that the pull request
```

> writer can directly insert in his changes. To add a suggestion,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
writer can apply to the pull request. To add a suggestion,
```

click the |githubSuggestions| :sup:`Insert a suggestion` button on top of the
comment text box and modify the text within the suggestion block.

.. tip:: **Prefer committing suggestions to your pull request as a batch**

 As a pull request author, when directly incorporating reviewers' feedback
 in your pull request, avoid using the :guilabel:`Commit suggestion` button
 at the bottom of the comment when you have many suggestions to address and
 prefer adding them as a batch commit, that is:

 #. Switch to the |githubFilesChanged| tab
 #. Press :guilabel:`Add suggestion to batch` for each rewording you'd like to
    include. You will see a counter increasing as you go.
 #. Press any of the :guilabel:`Commit suggestions` button when you are ready to

>     apply the suggestions to your pull request and enter a message describing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    apply the suggestions to your pull request, and enter a message describing
```

    the changes.

>  This will add all the modifications to your branch as a single commit, making a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This will add all the modifications to your branch as a single commit, resulting in a
```
